%"Idea for Bookkeeping Game, placed in the future"
%David Heaton
%Date: 12-04-2024

I have had an idea for a game, based on bookkeeping in the future.

In the future hackers, criminals, and digital intrusion has eroded faith in
online financial transactions.

A new breed of bookkeeper has arisen... The 'Scrollers'

These bookkeepers have gone back to paper based bookkeepers have gone back to
traditional paper based bookkeeping practices.

Couriers, now know as 'Inkrunners', will deliver documents to and from the
bookkeeper.

There are security implications.

1. Courier Missions: Players could take on the role of a bookkeeper, managing
financial records for various clients. They would need to send and receive
documents via couriers, but they must be cautious as these documents could be
intercepted or stolen during transit.

1. Encryption and Decryption: Players could implement encryption methods to
safeguard sensitive information within the documents they handle. They would
need to use their hacking skills to decrypt incoming documents and encrypt
outgoing ones to ensure their security.

1. Security Upgrades: As players progress through the game, they could invest in
upgrades to enhance the security of their bookkeeping operations. This could
include hiring security personnel to protect their office, installing
surveillance systems, or purchasing advanced encryption software.

1. Risk Management: Players would need to assess the risks associated with each
client and transaction. Some clients may be more vulnerable to hacking or may
attract more attention from cybercriminals, requiring extra precautions to
safeguard their information.

1. Infiltration and Sabotage: Players could face challenges from rival
bookkeepers or cybercriminals attempting to infiltrate their operations or
sabotage their clients' financial records. They would need to defend against
these threats while also potentially launching counterattacks against their
adversaries.

1. Legal and Ethical Dilemmas: Players may encounter situations where they must
navigate the legal and ethical implications of their actions. For example, they
may uncover evidence of financial fraud or illegal activities within their
clients' records, forcing them to decide whether to report it or turn a blind
eye for the sake of their business.

1. Double-Entry Bookkeeping: Players must adhere to the double-entry bookkeeping
system, where every financial transaction affects at least two accounts. They
would need to carefully balance their books to ensure that debits and credits
are properly recorded and reconciled.

1. Accounting Rules and Standards: Players must follow accounting rules and
standards applicable in the game world. This could include principles such as
the matching principle, revenue recognition principle, and the principle of
conservatism. Making correct decisions based on these principles could impact
the success of their bookkeeping business.

1. Accuracy and Precision: Players must accurately record financial transactions
and ensure that their books are precise and error-free. Mistakes could lead to
financial discrepancies, penalties, or even legal consequences.

1. Financial Analysis: Players could analyze the financial health of their
clients' businesses based on the information in their books. They would need to
interpret financial statements, ratios, and other indicators to provide valuable
insights and recommendations.

1. Auditing and Compliance: Players may face audits from regulatory authorities
or clients themselves. They must maintain thorough documentation and demonstrate
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Successfully navigating audits
could enhance their reputation and attract more clients.

1. Time Management: Players must manage their time effectively to meet deadlines
for recording transactions, preparing financial statements, and communicating
with clients. They may face penalties for late submissions or missed
appointments.

1. Client Management: Players must maintain strong relationships with their
clients by providing quality service, communicating effectively, and addressing
their concerns promptly. Happy clients may provide referrals and repeat
business, while dissatisfied clients could damage their reputation.

---

::tag::idea tag::game:: tag::bookkeeping::

